Documentation for Train simulator, Lab1, Concurrent Programming TDA383

Behroz Keyvannia
Soroush D.Nejad

Placement of sensors:
The placement of sensors have been chosen depending on the every scenario. 
In the crossing ways on the map, we have chosen to have 4 sensors on every possible track near the intersection to avoid collision. 
On every turn to the main track, we have 2 sensors and one additional sensor that is between splitting tracks. 
The last sensors are on every stations to stop the trains. This gives us a total of 18 sensors that is needed in the solution.
The sensors have been placed in a certain amount of distance to avoid the "train on switch" exception. 

Choice of critical sections:
Our choice of critical sections are the tracks which both trains can travel on. 
Further more we have critical sections where on the crossings and the splitting of the tracks. 
Our solution is designed that if we have a slow train which is in the critical section, owns that track till that specific train has left the critical section. 
That prevents that a faster train can bump into the slow train. 

Maximum train speed and why:
We have chosen to have a maximum speed of 15.
The reason to this particular choice is that we are aware that a train cannot stop exactly when we execute the function. 
But the speed have been chosen because a margin is required that the train which have been asked to stop, does stop before the splitting of the track. 
Otherwise it will stop on the critical section and enhance the chance for a collision. 

How the solution is tested:
The solution is tested with several speeds. One where train A is slower than train B and one where they have same speed. 
We have tested this with multiple windows open and chosen different speed and observed if the trains will crash at any point. 
Whenever a collision has been detected, we have been reading the outputs and found the error that caused this. 
When we no longer have collisions in our code, we have chosen to be done with the task.
Our test cases are: [1,15],[4,15],[7,15],[12,15],[15,15] where the first number is speed of train1 and the second number is speed of train2 in the testing. Tests ran several minutes.
